{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset1 Cambria Math;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Symbol;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria Math;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}{\*\mmathPr\mmathFont2\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Plan: Citizens Connect \f1\emdash  Full Platform Build\par
A map-first, calendar-integrated web + mobile app for the Christian community to discover ministries, events, places, and connect with one another.\par
\par
Phase 1 \emdash  Data Foundation\par
Expand the database schema and TypeScript types to support the full vision. Everything else depends on this.\par
\par
Steps:\par
\par
New categories table \emdash  Seed with Christian community categories: Church, Ministry, Fellowship, Worship, Youth, Outreach, Community Service, Music, Conference, Prayer, Bible Study, Christian Business, Christian Shop. Each category gets a name, slug, icon_name, color (for map markers).\par
\par
Expand UserRole \emdash  Change the profiles.role check constraint from ('vendor', 'client') to ('individual', 'ministry', 'organization', 'business'). Add columns: bio text, avatar_url text, organization_name text, website text, phone text. Update the TypeScript UserRole and Profile types, and the SignupForm role options.\par
\par
New places table \emdash  Persistent map listings (not time-bound). Columns: id, name, description, category_id (FK categories), address, latitude, longitude, phone, email, website, hours (jsonb for operating hours), owner_id (FK profiles), is_verified boolean default false, verified_at timestamptz, created_at. RLS: viewable by everyone, owners can create/update/delete their own.\par
\par
Expand events table \emdash  Add columns: category_id (FK categories), visibility text check ('public','private') default 'public', end_date timestamptz (for live-event detection), is_recurring boolean default false, recurrence_rule text (iCal RRULE for future use). Update the Event TypeScript type.\par
\par
New reviews table \emdash  For both places and events. Columns: id, user_id (FK profiles), place_id (FK places, nullable), event_id (FK events, nullable), rating smallint check (1-5), comment text, place_exists boolean (the "does this place still exist?" signal), created_at. Constraint: either place_id or event_id must be non-null. Unique on (user_id, place_id) and (user_id, event_id). RLS: viewable by everyone, users can insert/update/delete own.\par
\par
Update TypeScript types in db.ts \emdash  Add Category, Place, Review types. Update Event with new fields. Update Profile and UserRole.\par
\par
Migration SQL \emdash  002_platform_expansion.sql containing all the above as idempotent statements. Update schema.sql to be the full canonical schema.\par
\par
Relevant files:\par
\par
supabase/schema.sql \emdash  rewrite with all new tables\par
supabase/migrations/002_platform_expansion.sql \emdash  migration for existing DBs\par
src/types/db.ts \emdash  add Category, Place, Review; update Event, Profile, UserRole\par
src/components/auth/SignupForm.tsx \emdash  update role selection options\par
Verification:\par
\par
Run migration in Supabase SQL Editor\par
Run npx tsc --noEmit \emdash  zero errors\par
Confirm tables exist via Supabase dashboard Table Editor\par
Phase 2 \emdash  App Shell Overhaul\par
Replace the traditional page-based navigation with a full-screen, mobile-first app shell. This is the architectural backbone for the map and calendar views.\par
\par
Steps:\par
\par
New app shell layout \emdash  Create src/app/(app)/layout.tsx using a Next.js route group. This layout has: no scrolling body, full viewport height, a compact top bar (logo left, search center, Map/Calendar toggle + profile avatar top-right), and a content area that fills remaining space. Auth routes (/login, /signup) stay outside this group with the current layout.\par
\par
Top bar component \emdash  src/components/shell/TopBar.tsx. Contains: Citizens Connect logo (links to map), a search input (initially just UI), Map/Calendar toggle button (icon-based, swaps between the two views), user avatar/menu dropdown (login/signup if not authed, profile/logout if authed). Mobile-responsive: hamburger or simplified bar on small screens.\par
\par
View state management \emdash  The map/calendar toggle is client-side state. Both views are loaded but only one is visible (display: none vs block, or conditional rendering). This avoids remounting the map every time the user toggles. Store the current view in a React context (AppShellContext) so child components can know which view is active.\par
\par
Modal/panel system \emdash  src/components/shell/SlidePanel.tsx. A reusable slide-in panel from the right side (desktop) or bottom sheet (mobile) for: event details, place details, create event form, create place form, reviews. This replaces navigating to /events/[id] entirely \emdash  clicking a marker or list item opens the panel. Use headless UI pattern (no library needed, just a portal + transitions).\par
\par
Refactor existing pages into panel content \emdash  Convert EventDetailContent, EventForm into panel-compatible components (no page wrapper, just the content). They'll be rendered inside SlidePanel when triggered.\par
\par
Landing page \emdash  Keep / as a public landing page outside the (app) group. The landing page becomes the entry point for unauthenticated users. Rebrand copy for Christian community. After login, redirect to the app shell (/map or / within the app group).\par
\par
Capacitor-ready viewport \emdash  Add proper <meta name="viewport"> tag, safe area insets (env(safe-area-inset-top) etc.), and standalone display mode to manifest.json. This ensures the full-screen layout works when wrapped in Capacitor later.\par
\par
Relevant files:\par
\par
src/app/(app)/layout.tsx \emdash  new full-screen shell layout\par
src/app/(app)/page.tsx \emdash  default view (map)\par
src/components/shell/TopBar.tsx \emdash  compact navigation bar\par
src/components/shell/SlidePanel.tsx \emdash  reusable detail/form panel\par
src/components/shell/AppShellContext.tsx \emdash  view state context\par
src/app/layout.tsx \emdash  update root layout (remove Navbar from here, keep for auth pages)\par
src/app/page.tsx \emdash  rebrand landing page for Christian community\par
Verification:\par
\par
Map fills full viewport below the top bar\par
Toggle switches to empty calendar placeholder and back without remounting map\par
Clicking "view details" opens slide panel, not a page navigation\par
Mobile viewport: no scrollbars on the shell, panel slides from bottom\par
Build compiles clean\par
Phase 3 \emdash  Full-Screen Map\par
The primary view. A full-viewport interactive map with filters, search, marker clustering, and temporal visual encoding for events.\par
\par
Steps:\par
\par
Full-viewport MapView component \emdash  src/components/map/MapView.tsx. Replaces the old EventMap. Fills the entire content area below TopBar. Fetches both events and places from Supabase. Uses raw Leaflet (same pattern as current components). Adds geolocation button to center on user's location.\par
\par
Custom marker icons per category \emdash  Create src/lib/map/markers.ts. Define SVG-based or icon-based markers for each category type (church, ministry, event, shop, etc.) using Leaflet divIcon. Each category gets its own color from the categories.color column. Events use a distinct shape (circle/pin) vs. places (square/diamond).\par
\par
Event temporal encoding \emdash  In src/lib/map/markers.ts, implement a function getEventMarkerStyle(eventDate, endDate) that returns opacity and size based on temporal proximity:\par
\par
Live now (between date and end_date): bright, pulsing, full size, distinct highlight color (gold/amber)\par
Today/tomorrow: full opacity, full size\par
This week: 90% opacity\par
This month: 70% opacity, slightly smaller\par
3+ months away: 50% opacity, minimum size\par
6+ months away: 30% opacity, minimum size\par
Use CSS animation for the "live" pulse effect on the marker.\par
Filter panel \emdash  src/components/map/FilterPanel.tsx. A collapsible sidebar or floating panel with category toggles (checkbox per category), an "Events" vs "Places" toggle, and a time range filter for events (today, this week, this month, all). Filtering updates markers on the map without refetching \emdash  just show/hide marker layers.\par
\par
Marker clustering \emdash  Install leaflet.markercluster. Group dense markers into clusters that expand on zoom. Style cluster icons to show count.\par
\par
Search \emdash  Search input in TopBar. Client-side fuzzy search over loaded events + places by name, location, description. Results appear in a dropdown or the FilterPanel. Selecting a result flies the map to that location and opens its detail panel.\par
\par
Marker click \f2\u8594?\f0  detail panel \f1\emdash  Clicking a marker opens the SlidePanel with event or place details (reusing EventDetailContent or a new PlaceDetailContent). No page navigation.\par
\par
Places CRUD \emdash  Ministry/org/business accounts can create places. "Add a Place" button in TopBar or via long-press on map. Opens PlaceForm in the SlidePanel. Fields: name, category, address, location picker, phone, website, hours.\par
\par
Relevant files:\par
\par
src/components/map/MapView.tsx \emdash  new full-screen map (replaces EventMap for the main view)\par
src/lib/map/markers.ts \emdash  marker icons, temporal encoding logic\par
src/components/map/FilterPanel.tsx \emdash  category/time filters\par
src/components/map/PlaceDetailContent.tsx \emdash  place info panel\par
src/components/map/PlaceForm.tsx \emdash  create/edit place form\par
src/components/shell/SlidePanel.tsx \emdash  reused for details\par
package.json \emdash  add leaflet.markercluster\par
Verification:\par
\par
Map fills viewport, tiles load\par
Different icons for churches vs events vs shops\par
Live events pulse, distant events are faded/smaller\par
Toggling categories hides/shows markers instantly\par
Clicking marker opens slide panel with details\par
Clusters appear at low zoom, expand on zoom in\par
Search finds events and places, flies to location\par
Phase 4 \emdash  Calendar View\par
The second primary view. A personal + community calendar.\par
\par
Steps:\par
\par
Install FullCalendar \emdash  @fullcalendar/core, @fullcalendar/react, @fullcalendar/daygrid, @fullcalendar/timegrid, @fullcalendar/interaction. Wrap in a client component with next/dynamic (ssr: false).\par
\par
CalendarView component \emdash  src/components/calendar/CalendarView.tsx. Full-height calendar that fills the content area. Month/week/day toggle buttons. Fetches events from Supabase on view.\par
\par
Event color coding \emdash  Three visual tiers:\par
\par
Your own events (created_by = user) \emdash  solid blue\par
RSVP'd events \emdash  solid green\par
Public community events \emdash  light purple/outlined\par
Category color as a subtle accent dot/stripe\par
Click date \f2\u8594?\f0  create event \f1\emdash  Clicking an empty date slot opens EventForm in the SlidePanel with the date pre-filled. User chooses visibility: public (appears on map for all) or private (personal calendar only).\par
\par
Click event \f2\u8594?\f0  detail panel \f1\emdash  Clicking a calendar event opens the SlidePanel with EventDetailContent. User can RSVP, view details, see location on mini-map.\par
\par
Public/private visibility \emdash  Update EventForm with a visibility toggle. Public events with coordinates appear as map markers. Private events only appear on the creator's calendar.\par
\par
Calendar \f3\u8596?\f0  Map interaction \f1\emdash  When viewing a public event's details from the calendar, a "Show on Map" button switches to map view and flies to that event's location.\par
\par
Relevant files:\par
\par
src/components/calendar/CalendarView.tsx \emdash  main calendar component\par
src/components/calendar/CalendarEvent.tsx \emdash  custom event renderer\par
src/components/events/EventForm.tsx \emdash  add visibility toggle, prefilleddate prop\par
src/components/events/EventDetailContent.tsx \emdash  add "Show on Map" button\par
src/components/shell/AppShellContext.tsx \emdash  add flyToLocation action\par
package.json \emdash  add FullCalendar packages\par
Verification:\par
\par
Calendar renders month/week/day views\par
Own events, RSVP'd events, and community events show with distinct colors\par
Clicking empty date opens event creation with date pre-filled\par
Clicking event opens detail panel with RSVP option\par
Public events appear on map, private events don't\par
"Show on Map" switches view and centers map\par
Phase 5 \emdash  Reviews, Verification & Community\par
Social trust layer and ongoing place verification.\par
\par
Steps:\par
\par
Review/rating UI \emdash  src/components/reviews/ReviewCard.tsx, ReviewForm.tsx, ReviewList.tsx. Display on place and event detail panels. Star rating (1-5), optional comment, "Does this place still exist?" checkbox (for place reviews only). Aggregate rating displayed on markers and detail panels.\par
\par
Post-event attendance prompt \emdash  After an event's date passes, users who RSVP'd see an in-app notification/banner (not push notification yet) on their next visit: "How was [Event Name]? Rate 1-5". Store response in reviews. This could be a simple banner component at the top of the calendar view or a modal on app open.\par
\par
Place verification system \emdash  Two mechanisms:\par
\par
Community signals: If multiple users mark "this place no longer exists" in reviews, flag the place (auto-set is_verified = false after N negative signals). Show a warning badge on the marker.\par
Annual owner prompt: A Supabase Edge Function (cron) that runs monthly, finds places where verified_at is older than 11 months, and sends an email to the owner's profile email asking them to confirm. If no response within 30 days, place gets flagged. Owner can click a link to re-verify (sets verified_at = now()).\par
Aggregate ratings on markers \emdash  Show average rating as a small badge on map markers. Places with high ratings get a subtle glow or gold accent. Places flagged as possibly closed get a dimmed/strikethrough style.\par
\par
Invite/share \emdash  Generate shareable links for events and places. "Share" button in detail panel copies link or opens native share dialog (via navigator.share \emdash  works great in Capacitor).\par
\par
Relevant files:\par
\par
src/components/reviews/ReviewCard.tsx \emdash  single review display\par
src/components/reviews/ReviewForm.tsx \emdash  star rating + comment form\par
src/components/reviews/ReviewList.tsx \emdash  list of reviews for a place/event\par
src/components/reviews/PostEventPrompt.tsx \emdash  attendance feedback banner\par
supabase/functions/verify-places/index.ts \emdash  Edge Function for annual verification emails\par
src/lib/map/markers.ts \emdash  update markers with rating badges\par
Verification:\par
\par
Can submit a review with rating + comment for a place\par
"Place still exists?" checkbox appears on place reviews\par
Post-event prompt appears for past RSVP'd events\par
Average ratings display on detail panels\par
Share button generates working link\par
Phase 6 \emdash  Mobile (Capacitor)\par
Wrap the web app for app store distribution.\par
\par
Steps:\par
\par
Install Capacitor \emdash  @capacitor/core, @capacitor/cli, @capacitor/ios, @capacitor/android\par
Configure \emdash  npx cap init, point web directory to Next.js static export or use @capgo/capacitor-updater for live updates\par
Native plugins \emdash  @capacitor/geolocation (map centering), @capacitor/push-notifications (future), @capacitor/share (native share dialog), @capacitor/status-bar (style status bar)\par
Build & test \emdash  npx next build && npx next export && npx cap sync && npx cap open android/ios\par
This phase is mostly configuration, not app code changes, since the mobile-first UI is built in Phases 2-4.\par
\par
Decisions Captured\par
Places vs Events: fundamentally separate (places = permanent, events = time-bound)\par
Mobile: Capacitor wrapper, one codebase, mobile-first web UI\par
Calendar: FullCalendar library\par
Map: Raw Leaflet (no react-leaflet) \emdash  already proven pattern\par
Event marker encoding: temporal scale (live \f2\u8594?\f0  distant) controlling opacity, size, color\par
Place verification: dual approach (community "still exists?" signals + annual owner email)\par
Reviews: unified system for both places and events, 1-5 stars + comment\par
Roles: individual, ministry, organization, business (replacing vendor/client)\par
\par
\par
Phase\f4  \f0 Order\f4  & \f0 Dependencies\par
Phase\f4  \f0 1\f4  (\f0 Data\f4 ) \f2\u8594? Phase 2 (Shell) \u8594? Phase 3 (Map) \u9472?\u9488?\par
                                  \u8594? Phase 4 (Calendar) \u9472?\u9508? (parallel after shell)\par
                                                        \u9500?\u8594? Phase 5 (Reviews)\par
                                                        \u9492?\u8594? Phase 6 (Capacitor)\f0\lang9\par
}
 